README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://sli.dev/">Slidev</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/slidev/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/template?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/slidev/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/template?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/slidev/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/template?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="./assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="./assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="./assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="./assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="./assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

Add the following frontmatter to your `slides.md`. Start Slidev then it will prompt you to install the theme automatically.

```md
---
theme: catppuccin-mocha
---
```

or

```md
---
theme: catppuccin-macchiato
---
```

or

```md
---
theme: catppuccin-frappe
---
```

or

```md
---
theme: catppuccin-latte
---
```

## Building

We use [whiskers](https://github.com/catppuccin/whiskers) to create the 4 packages for each theme.

Run this command:

```
whiskers templates/gitignore.tera && \
whiskers templates/package.json.tera && \
whiskers templates/styles/code.css.tera && \
whiskers templates/styles/index.ts.tera && \
whiskers templates/styles/layout.css.tera && \
whiskers templates/styles/common.css.tera && \
whiskers templates/setup/windicss.ts.tera && \
whiskers templates/setup/shiki.ts.tera
```

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Nikita Revenco](https://github.com/nikitarevenco)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>

Commit message:

docs: update build instructions to use justfile

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://sli.dev/">Slidev</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/slidev/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/template?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/slidev/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/template?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/slidev/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/template?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="./assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="./assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="./assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="./assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="./assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

Add the following frontmatter to your `slides.md`. Start Slidev then it will prompt you to install the theme automatically.

```md
---
theme: catppuccin-mocha
---
```

or

```md
---
theme: catppuccin-macchiato
---
```

or

```md
---
theme: catppuccin-frappe
---
```

or

```md
---
theme: catppuccin-latte
---
```

## Building

We use [whiskers](https://github.com/catppuccin/whiskers) and [justfile](https://just.systems/) to create the 4 packages for each theme.

In the root of the repo, run:

```sh
just build
```

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Nikita Revenco](https://github.com/nikitarevenco)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>
